# Web3-Union
A Global Human Initiative Concept For the Web3 Foundation Platform;
What is the Human Crypto Democratic Union?
It is a decentralized global virtual union intended for humans only. It is formed by the sum total of its citizens who all agree to and accept its constitution. In comparison, centralized non-virtual world nations like the U.S.A. have fixed land boundaries and are formed by their declaratory constitutions, parliamentary systems, rules and bylaws. A virtual union’s borrowing power and credit is solely dependent on the credibility and sum total of its citizens, whereas a non-virtual union’s borrowing power is primarily based on all the natural resources under its control.
What Advantage Does A Virtual Union Have Over Non-Virtual World Nations?
Centralized non-virtual nations depend on central banks that control the interest rates of their fiat currencies. In comparison, our decentralized union depends on cryptocurrencies which have no mechanism of control. Central banks don't recognize crypto-currencies, or when recognized they are deemed illegal. Our union not only recognizes crypto-currencies, its primary mission is to insure that our citizens may possess them worry-free.
Why Doesn't the Union Have a Human President?
Absolute power corrupts absolutely. Presidents, Royalty, and Supreme Leaders are expected to continue leading non-virtual nations. But the internet permits decentralized artificial leadership to exist, such as an artificial neural network to mimic governmental executive functions. The Union will ignore innate national non-virtual issues such as infrastructureand the military, but will speak out on net neutrality and the environment.
Why Doesn't the Union Have Human Judges?
Absolute power corrupts absolutely. The belief that judges have no bias against the cases they control is fallacy. Judges enjoy absolute immunityand treat attorneys with qualified immunity. Lay persons have no immunity. Thus, all else being equal, human judges behave like water and seek their own level with attorneys first and lay persons last, if ever. In all candor, if you were a judge would you apply yourself in case after case despite the required laborious attention to details, only to assure accurate judgments, and if no matter your judgment, your job and salary would remain the same? The Union’s mission is to design artificial intelligence to convert conventional judicial common law functions into electronic statutory laws, verifiable in real time on the internet and made human user friendly. The following is a copy of the constitution first posted on airofusion.com/ghi
Jesus Christ first called the Pharisees and Herodians hypocrites, and asked them to produce a coin that would be suitable for paying Caesar’s tax. One of them showed him a Roman coin, and he asked them whose head and inscription were on it. They answered, “Caesar’s,” and Jesus responded, “Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar’s, and unto God the things that are God’s.”
Similarly, at first sight of a virtual Bitcoin, our founder responded, “Render therefore unto the cypherpunks the things which are the cypherpunks’, and unto God the things that are God’s;” he proceeded to found the global human initiative of non-profit digital pioneers who proudly present a Virtual Global Constitution.
VIRTUAL GLOBAL CONSTITUTION
Whereas world nations are challenged with the maintenance of infrastructure, the military, executive operations, legislative functions and judicial enforcement;
Whereas world nations are lawfully obligated to observe the rights of corporations and artificial entities inseparably from those of human beings;
Whereas the innate interests of humans are, inter alia, clean air, clean water, the preservation of all natural resources, and a peaceful state of all world nations;
Whereas the competing innate interests of corporations and artificial entities is to maximize shareholder profits customarily accomplished by mining and accessing planet Earth’s natural resources;
Whereas corporations and artificial entities have customarily lobbied, and are expected to lobby and influence all branches of government in all world nations;
Whereas central banks have a mechanism of control over the fiat currency of the world nations they lend value to;
Whereas all decentralized crypto-currencies create de-facto crypto-assets;
Whereas central banks do not recognize crypto-currencies or crypto-assets, or when they do such currencies are deemed illegal;
Whereas no sovereign virtual global decentralized constitution and de-facto union currently exists to secure the rights of human beings whose rights are not already exclusively assigned to one or more world nations;
Whereas identification authentication systems now exist to give predictable virtual certainty to the transactions of crypto-currencies and crypto-assets;
We human beings whose rights are not exclusively assigned to one or more nations, in order to form a more perfect virtual global union, freely enter into this tangible contract granting inalienable human rights so that we may make and follow our own virtual definitions, establish virtual justice within our own virtual ecosphere, insure our own virtual domestic tranquility, provide for our own virtual counter-measures and defenses, promote our own virtual welfare, and secure the blessings of virtual liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this virtual global constitution for our one and only planet Earth.
Article 1
a.	Only this English section “a.” can never be amended, and only one foreign language amendment is to be permitted and if so deemed necessary, then only to bring such foreign translation into the specific compliance of this English section. We shall not have a human President. Our leadership shall be executed by artificial intelligence. We each have a right to vote on the specific hardware and software combination which our leadership will be comprised of. This elected combination of hardware and software, together with its collected and processed data, shall be referred to as our “Virtual President”. Our Virtual President shall be responsible for implementing the virtual laws and amendments we decide by popular vote should become law. Only we humans shall have the power by popular vote to veto any virtual law or amendment before any such law or amendment is implemented. Only we humans shall have the power by popular vote to expunge any virtual law or amendment after any such law or amendment is implemented. Each of us has a right to petition our supreme virtual court for relief. We define said relief and procedure in this virtual constitution. None of us, as a union or as individuals, shall collect an income tax from anyone. We shall not have a military in a tangible, non-virtual world nation.
b.	All of our virtual legislative powers shall be vested in our decentralized virtual global union as a whole, and shall only become electronically executable virtual law upon the successful popular vote of our union.
c.	Each of us is invited to confer, watch or listen at least once a year, and such conference shall be on the first Monday in each December, unless our union decides otherwise and thereupon makes the appropriate adjustments and notifications in real time.
d.	All Initial Coin Offerings (“ICO”) for raising any virtual revenue, including but not limited to all crypto-currency such as Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum and each non-tangible form of crypto-currency shall originate by being made publically noticeable at or before our union’s yearly conference;
e.	Our union shall not have the power to accept payment of a capitation, duty or other direct tax; our union shall have only one power to tax and that taxing power shall be restricted to a consented-to virtual sales tax;
f.	Our union shall have the power to pay its debts;
g.	Our union shall have the power to regulate commerce, but only between any one or more of us on the one hand, and each tangible non-virtual world nation, corporation, artificial entity, or individual human on the other hand;
h.	Our union shall have the power to decide only the name of its official crypto-currency, but not to regulate the value thereof, nor adjust any standards of virtual weights or measures already fixed by quantum physics;
i.	Our union shall have the power to provide for the punishment of the counterfeiting of any virtual and intangible crypto-currency if the offender is officially a virtual citizen of our union at the time the offense occurs;
j.	To establish virtual tribunals inferior to our supreme virtual court;
k.	To make all virtual laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers and all other powers vested in our union by virtue of this virtual global constitution, or necessary and proper to maintain or implement any department enumerated in Article 5, infra;
l.	Our union shall make public an electronic statement and account of its receipts and expenditures at all times, live, in real time, but the names of all human officers to our union, if any, shall be encrypted in an immutable log.
Article 2
a.	The executive power of our union shall be vested in our Virtual President.
1.	Each of us shall have one vote per calendar year on the specific hardware our Virtual President will be comprised of.
2.	Each of us shall have one vote per calendar year on the specific artificial intelligence software our Virtual President will be comprised of.
3.	Our operable Virtual President shall announce the day on which each of us shall declare our votes; which day shall be the same throughout our decentralized union, but such day shall be adjusted for each time zone.
4.	Each newly constructed Virtual President booted and implemented into service shall publically announce the State of our Virtual Union, and shall do so anytime our Virtual President so deems it appropriate.
Article 3
a.	The judicial power of our union is vested in the artificial intelligence of our supreme virtual court and in such inferior virtual courts as our Virtual President may from time to time ordain and implement into operation.
b.	Our nation’s virtual judicial power shall extend to all cases, in law or equity, arising under this Virtual Constitution, or which has yet to be amended in, and to all cases and disputes which may arise in our ecosphere. No human judge shall decide or enter any virtual judgment upon any of us; our virtual union shall have no jurisdiction in each non-virtual, tangible world nation.
Article 4
a.	Our decentralized virtual global union is voluntary, non-mandatory, and is equally available to each of us without respect to non-virtual judicial records, whether civil or criminal in nature from a non-virtual world nation, medical disabilities, age, race, color, creed, religion, sexual orientation, or any immutable human characteristic. All humans so electing virtual citizenship within our ecosphere shall retain his or her right to choose which biometric data shall be shared with our virtual union or which biometric data may be added to any application or plugin voted into implementation as a governing system improvement. Each human whose rights are not exclusively assigned to one or more nations may join our virtual global union; our virtual laws prohibit all invidious discrimination.
Article 5
a.	Our Virtual President shall establish all virtual departments deemed necessary or appropriate. On the date and time our virtual union is first ordained into existence, the following virtual departments shall exist;
1.	A virtual department of computer hardware whose objectives shall be to guard the rights of consumers of all tangible computer hardware.
2.	A virtual department of computer software whose objectives shall be to guard the rights of consumers of all intangible computer software.
3.	A virtual department of internet neutrality whose objectives shall be to secure the rights of consumers to equally access our virtual union.
4.	A virtual department of recycling all tangible computer hardware to be reserved for humanitarian projects intended to provide access to each human without access to our virtual global union from any world nation.
5.	A virtual department of the press whose objectives shall be to secure and facilitate the rights of consumers to choose any news and information they so deem appropriate.
6.	A virtual department guaranteeing the safety of all crypto-currency and crypto-assets in the ecosphere of our union which shall be named the 100% Transparent Virtual Crypto Currency Automated Insurance system.
7.	A virtual department of crypto security operating in tandem with our 100% Transparent Crypto Currency Automated Insurance system whose unified objectives shall be to check, balance, and immutably log the data ownership of all of our intangible crypto-currency and crypto-assets.
8.	A virtual department of crypto-counter-measures whose objectives shall be to secure the sovereignty of our global democratic virtual union.
9.	A virtual department of education and crypto-ethics whose objectives shall be to resolve all cultural and foreign language conflicts to educate all our voluntary virtual citizens about all rights vested in our union in such a way as to promote sequential thought processes and clearly teach what objective reasoning means within our virtual ecosphere.
10.	A virtual department blacklisting undesirable corporations and artificial entities adjudicated by popular vote to have previously sold, or found to be currently selling, goods or services which our union has deemed too harmful or fatal to any of our interests; the virtual department of blacklisted undesirable corporations and artificial entities shall operate in tandem with our virtual department of education and crypto-ethics.
11.	A virtual department of environmental global protection which shall commit to and exceed the terms and conditions of the December 2015 Paris Environmental Agreement.
12.	A virtual department of voting rights, operating in tandem with our virtual department of software, whose objectives shall be to secure the authentication of each vote in our union and to facilitate its making.
Executed into existence this 21st Day of December, 2017. In witness whereof, the Chairman Executive Officer of the Global Human Initiative, a non-profit organization, has hereunto subscribed his virtual name.
						__Hex_____________________
						Hex
						CEO
Hex is the virtual name of the founder of this virtual global constitution.
The same founder created the Global Human Initiative to facilitate the creation of this democratic virtual union.
This virtual global constitution guarantees that Hex is a human resident of one or more tangible world nations.
